ALL
      All messages in the mailbox; the default initial key for
	ANDing.

ANSWERED
	Messages with the \Answered flag set.

BCC 
	Messages that contain the specified string in the envelope
	structure's BCC field.

BEFORE 
	Messages whose internal date (disregarding time and timezone)
	is earlier than the specified date.

BODY 
	Messages that contain the specified string in the body of the
	message.

CC 
	Messages that contain the specified string in the envelope
	structure's CC field.

DELETED
	Messages with the \Deleted flag set.

DRAFT
	Messages with the \Draft flag set.

FLAGGED
	Messages with the \Flagged flag set.

FROM 
	Messages that contain the specified string in the envelope
	structure's FROM field.

HEADER  
	Messages that have a header with the specified field-name (as
	defined in [RFC-2822]) and that contains the specified string
	in the text of the header (what comes after the colon).  If the
	string to search is zero-length, this matches all messages that
	have a header line with the specified field-name regardless of
	the contents.

KEYWORD 
	Messages with the specified keyword flag set.

LARGER 
	Messages with an [RFC-2822] size larger than the specified
	number of octets.

NEW
	Messages that have the \Recent flag set but not the \Seen flag.
	This is functionally equivalent to "(RECENT UNSEEN)".

NOT 
	Messages that do not match the specified search key.

OLD
	Messages that do not have the \Recent flag set.  This is
	functionally equivalent to "NOT RECENT" (as opposed to "NOT
	NEW").

ON 
	Messages whose internal date (disregarding time and timezone)
	is within the specified date.

OR  
	Messages that match either search key.

RECENT
	Messages that have the \Recent flag set.

SEEN
	Messages that have the \Seen flag set.

SENTBEFORE 
	Messages whose [RFC-2822] Date: header (disregarding time and
	timezone) is earlier than the specified date.

SENTON 
	Messages whose [RFC-2822] Date: header (disregarding time and
	timezone) is within the specified date.

SENTSINCE 
	Messages whose [RFC-2822] Date: header (disregarding time and
	timezone) is within or later than the specified date.

SINCE 
	Messages whose internal date (disregarding time and timezone)
	is within or later than the specified date.

SMALLER 
	Messages with an [RFC-2822] size smaller than the specified
	number of octets.

SUBJECT 
	Messages that contain the specified string in the envelope
	structure's SUBJECT field.

TEXT 
	Messages that contain the specified string in the header or
	body of the message.

TO 
	Messages that contain the specified string in the envelope
	structure's TO field.

UID 
	Messages with unique identifiers corresponding to the specified
	unique identifier set.  Sequence set ranges are permitted.

UNANSWERED
	Messages that do not have the \Answered flag set.

UNDELETED
	Messages that do not have the \Deleted flag set.

UNDRAFT
	Messages that do not have the \Draft flag set.

UNFLAGGED
	Messages that do not have the \Flagged flag set.

UNKEYWORD 
	Messages that do not have the specified keyword flag set.

UNSEEN
	Messages that do not have the \Seen flag set.


Inbox: Messages that are new and unread.
Starred: Messages that you've marked as important with a star.
Snoozed: Messages that you've snoozed to deal with later.
Important: Messages that Gmail's algorithms think are important to you.
Unread: Messages that you haven't read yet.
Read: Messages that you've already read.
Drafts: Messages that you've started composing but haven't sent yet.
Sent: Messages that you've sent to others.
Spam: Messages that Gmail's algorithms think are spam.
Trash: Messages that you've deleted.
All Mail: All messages in your Gmail account, including archived messages.
Categories: A set of labels that Gmail applies to your messages based on their content, such as:
    Social: Messages from social media sites.
    Promotions: Messages from companies you've subscribed to.
    Updates: Messages from services you've signed up for.
    Forums: Messages from online forums or discussion groups.


https://developers.google.com/gmail/api/guides/labels?hl=pl

print(dir(imap_tools.MailMessageFlags)), returns:
'ANSWERED', 'DELETED', 'DRAFT', 'FLAGGED', 'RECENT', 'SEEN'